%A first post $p = 0$

You've successfully set up your shiny new math blog!

This initial post is here to show how the software works.  Posts are
written in the Markdown format using <a
href="http://johnmacfarlane.net/pandoc/">Pandoc</a>.  They employ an
extended Markdown syntax as described in the <a
href="http://johnmacfarlane.net/pandoc/README.html#pandocs-markdown-vs.standard-markdown">Pandoc
User Guide</a>.  You can embed LaTeX math in your posts; it will be
processed with <a
href="http://ans.hsh.no/home/mgg/gladtex/">gladTeX</a>.

Inline math is introduced with `$...$` and looks like $x \in Y$.  Math
can be embedded in post titles, as well!  To insert a block-level
equation, use `$$...$$` as a block-level Markdown element.  This
causes the math to be typeset in the `displaymath` environment.  The
results look like this:

$$\int^n_0{\ldots} = \sum^n_{i=1}{b_0 G(u^s)}
\Longrightarrow \frac{\tan x}{\lim_{h \to \infty}{\Phi}}$$

as opposed to this:

$\int^n_0{\ldots} = \sum^n_{i=1}{b_0 G(u^s)}
\Longrightarrow \frac{\tan x}{\lim_{h \to \infty}{\Phi}}$

The content of this post can be found in the `posts` subdirectory of
your blog data directory; the rest of the content of this page can be
found in "preamble" and "postamble" files in the `templates`
subdirectory.  You can modify those files and re-run `mb` to
regenerate all of your blog content.  Note that some defaults, such as
the blog title and footer text, are probably bogus and need to be
changed.

Note that `mb` will not bother to regenerate the actual content of
your blog posts unless the corresponding source file in `posts` has
changed.

Once you have the hang of creating posts, you'll probably want to
delete this one; just delete it from the `posts` subdirectory and run
`mb`.

Enjoy!
